---
layout: post
title:  "Pandemic - The Best eperience"
date:   2020-09-20 00:00:37
categories: jekyll update
---

After I return from my college during the covid(March end), I was working from home as an Intern at Dunzo. We (college friend, Rahul) thought of implementing a long planned mobile application. Since both of us, were working in a startup at that time also I was woking in Djnago backend and he in react FrontEnd, it seem to be a perfect kickstart for us to build the app. While I developed the working backend in some 2 months time, he laid out the basics of the frontEnd in React Native. It took a lot of effort for us to get the frontend running since we didnt have much experience in ReactNative. But somehow we were able to couple and produce an somwhat running app in 4 months time. But then came the real struggle where our internships ended(in July first week) and we joined our respective FT companies (me Amazon and he Flipkart). And hence we became busy with onborading and stuff and the apk was left untouched. 

Meanwhile in between the onbaording process I was also in touch with my prev company (Hyland) colleagues(5 of us) who were also my college buddies and we were also planning on something on the business domain in IT. We started brainstorming on many services and what stuck eventually was something in the HealthCare domain. I actually did a project in my 3rd sem Mtech realted to sharing HeathCare records and I just told them about that, and bang on they like it and we started digging about the same and got that this is something evolving rapidly. And the best thing was there was a devDays being organised realted to this called FHIR [devDays](https://www.devdays.com/) and this was being organised virtually this time due to covid. And we thought of attending it to gain the contacts. We attended, got some contacts and inspiration, got in touch with some great people, and finally opened a consultancy [Alstonia](http://alstonia.io/) thereafter(somewhere around August). Currently in October we have a couple of clients, still trying to get some more and expand. 

Not sure how sucessful will it turn out, but the journey is filled with experiences undoubtedly, working with buddies, tech knowledge that we shared, process of registering a company, getting in touch with clients in Europe and many more. All this was possible only because we were working from home and had ample time without getting stuck from 9-7 in continuous fashion hence we could switch task in office hours, got in meetings among ourselves as and whenever required which werent possible if we were at the office. So with a lot less of distractions and a great team filled with enthusiasts, borned Alstonia. 
